>> New documentary.
>> Awakening is the next natural
stage of human development.
>> Your true nature is closer
than the you that you think you
are.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> What we essentially are
is already fully awake,
fully aware.
>> And it's totally unlimited.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> Your birthday, your
planetary ruling card,
and your life spread cards,
these tell your lifetime karma
on the positive and the
negative and what you're likely
to experience during your life.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Once someone reaches
the stage of I awareness--
I am this, I am that--
a soul container gets created.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> A soul is the infinite
individuated aspect of source
that goes on this phenomenal
journey and eventually returns
home, becoming one
with source again.
>> Only on Gaia.